Update dev-overview.md (#60)
precice/precice.github.io: index.md

Download overview slides: [preCICE_Slides.pdf](https://github.com/precice/precice.github.io/tree/master/material/slides/preCICE_Slides.pdf) 

## How to cite preCICE?  

You can cite the preCICE library using the following paper.

> Please also cite each adapter you use. You can find the respective references in the documentation of our adapters and in our [literature guide](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki/Literature-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also consider citing the adapters you use. You can find the respective references in the documentation of our adapters and in our [literature guide](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki/Literature-guide).
```
